README.md, before:

# Franhel Home Retouch

## Contributed to by 
    Brian Ndinda, 
    Rose Maina, 
    Brian Wanjala, and
    Amos Sifuma

 ## Table of Contents
 - [Description](#description) 
 - [Features](#features)
 - [Requirements](#requirements)
 - [Installaion Process](#installation-process)
 - [Technology Used](#technology-used)
 - [License](#license)

 ## Description
 This project is a web application for Franhel Home Retouch that enables home owners and renters to inquire and receive house renovation services at the comfort of their coach. An interested user can visit the website, look up for some of the works that Franhel has done, create an account with and request for a service that they want. The services range from interior and exterior painting and design, plumbing services, electrical installation, to tiling and varnishing. The admin can then reach out to them and inquire more about their expectations or scope of work.
 [Back to top](#franhel-home-retouch)

 ## Features
 As a user of the application, one will be able to:
 1. Login and logout of the application
 2. See a a description of services offered
 3. A portfolio of previous designs worked one
 4. Can make their own customised order
 5. View other client's ratings on services offered

Commit message:

add requirements and screenshot to the file

README.md, after:

# Franhel Home Retouch

## Contributed to by;
    Brian Ndinda, 
    Rose Maina, 
    Brian Wanjala, and
    Amos Sifuma

## Screenshot
![image](./insert_path.png)

 ## Table of Contents
 - [Description](#description) 
 - [Features](#features)
 - [Requirements](#requirements)
 - [Installaion Process](#installation-process)
 - [Live link](live-link)
 - [Technology Used](#technology-used)
 - [License](#license)

 ## Description
 This project is a web application for Franhel Home Retouch that enables home owners and renters to inquire and receive house renovation services at the comfort of their coach. An interested user can visit the website, look up for some of the works that Franhel has done, create an account with and request for a service that they want. The services range from interior and exterior painting and design, plumbing services, electrical installation, to tiling and varnishing. The admin can then reach out to them and inquire more about their expectations or scope of work. <br>
 [Back to top](#franhel-home-retouch)

 ## Features
 As a user of the application, one will be able to:
 1. Login and logout of the application
 2. See a a description of services offered
 3. A portfolio of previous designs worked one
 4. Can make their own customised order
 5. View other client's ratings on services offered <br>
[Back to top](#franhel-home-retouch)


 ## Requirements
 * Access to a computer, laptop or phone 
 * Access to the internet <br>
[Back to top](#franhel-home-retouch)


 ## Installaion Process
 *****
 * Clone this repo using this command : git clone "https://github.com/musyoki12/Franhel-Home-Retouch.git"
